[CHANGES]
- v1.05
  Will not validate posted contents if wysiwyg editor chosen.
  Changed the d3comment forum directory name setting.
- v1.04.3
  Enabled preferences settings to be kept safe on a versionup. Just rename the file trust/include/preferences.default.php to preferences.inc.php.
  Relocated all the smarty plugins into the extra dir.
- v1.04.2
  Added X-CODE and X-QUOTE to the quicktag.
- v1.04.1
  Changed configuring the com agent.
  Rearranged a file tree.
- v1.04
  Implimented entity referencing function by quicktag.js.
- v1.03.4
  Implimented quicktag, the 3rd wysiwyg editor.
  Implimented a smarty plugin which assigns a blog entries count variable.
- v1.03.3
  Modified the Smarty xoopsdhtmltarea plugin.
- v1.03.2
  Fixed the CategoryEditForm constructor bug and the smarty is-User flag typo.
- v1.03.1
  Fixed to Escape the character of a d3comment title.
- v1.03
  User and category filters are enabled in the latest entries block and D3pipesBlockD3bloglist. =>must update a module and check block options.
    Replaced a feed description from an excerpt to a whole body.
- v1.02.8
  Modified parameters for d3comment plugins.
  Changed the link urls from the archives block.
- v1.02.7
  Fixed the actionform value of the new entry object.
  Modified the including conditions of js files.
- v1.02.6
  Fixed the double definition of the calendar language file.
  Fixed the timezone offset of the calendar block.
  Fixed a notification bug.
  Disabled for a guest to give an editor and html_allow privileges.
- v1.02.5
  Embedded a blogger filter in multi bloggers use.
  Some smarty plugins are dropped or renamed.
- v1.02.4
  Embedded own d3comment count function.
  Enabled a semantic markup of xoops page navigation by xoops_pagenavi plugin.
  [body] tag was added.
- v1.02.3
  Escaped from a site-wide wiki textarea rendering of permitted groups.
  Embedded a hidden default value of dohtml, doxcode and dobr preferences.
  Some bug fixes.
- v1.02.2
  Added a d3comment plugin file which is required to upload.
  D3comment was renewed corresponding to the new d3comment class(needs a 0.83 or more versioned d3forum).
- v1.02.1
  Comment integration switch  was added.
- v1.02
  [fig] and [sitefig] tags can markup figures layout with a title, a caption, a credit and etc.
  Enabled xoops code optional.
  Added "all" value of permission-by-entry group which covers automatically new added groups.
  Justified GNL/GPL.
  Modified multibyte regex patterns.
  Improved English language files.
- v1.01
  Instanciated module class, which fixes troubles when two more trustdir d3blogs exist.
  Privileges on view/edit/approve were improved to be more simple, an editor is almighty.
  No more PEAR libraries used.
  - Modified to send trackback ping and update ping seperately not to be timeout.
  - Trackback send/receive was modified, also some spam check options are added.
  - Enabled autodiscovery of trackback url.
  Moved private preferences to preferences.inc.php.
  Smarty plugins in trust/libs/smartyplugins directory in HD distribusyon.
  Some templates are renamed to inc_*.html.
  Oninstall.php alters table structure of xoops config, eg. to wider length of conf_title.
  $xoops_block_header was deprecated.
  Gave blocks a "disable_renderer" option for xugj_block plug-in.
  All blocks are enabled to clone.
  Some notice-level error were suppressed. :-)
- v1.00RC3
  Fixed typos in determining the script page name, thanks to GIJOE.
  Category image filename available at the tpl, so is a category list block.
  Entries with no permission-by-entry are disabled to be visible.
  Raw value assigned to wysiwyg editor.
  Fixed the bug that dirname class was not created in category.class.php.
  Improved rss date format as the rfc2822 std.
  Category tree changed to be rendered by blocks_category_list.php, thanks to shige-p.
  A valid check improved in a d3comment plugin.
  Improved an excerpt in an approval manager to be assigned as a strip-tagged string, thanks to gusagi.
  Fixed to mb_convert trackback post data, thanks to gusagi.
  A ping back notification improved to send by PM.
  Fixed to assign an anonymous comment permission to tpl in case XCL2.1.
  Fixed a character encoding set in the spam check.
  Fixed a published date retrieving of the archive block.
  Fixed xmobile plugin.
- v1.00RC2
  A link added to the site name of trackback ping in the approval manager list.
  FIxed d3pipes plugin.
  Fixed sub menu generating when inactive or not current.
  ReadMore clause added to the latest entries block if an excerpt shown.(Must update template) thanx to gusagi.
- v1.00RC
  INSTALL.ja added.
  Stopped to get contents by rss mode.
  Fixed trackback id when getting rss mode request.
  Fixed Private Flag importable as Approved.
  PiCal plugins added.
  Multibytes language SPAM check enabled.
  Altsys language manager fully adopted.
  Modified ping list request and response.
  An entry title added on prev/next entry links.(tpl updating needed)
  Fixed not to assign avatar img if user has no avatar in bloggers block.
  xoops_pagetitle assigned to Tpl.
- v0.9.9.5
  Trackback link id was fixed.
  Current user definition in Xmobile plugin was fixed.
  Redundancy in category list block fixed.
  Fixed to accept url with trackback key.
  Bloggers list block added.
  Bloggers' and category's feeder enabled.
  Fixed comment form to be unshown when comment unavailable.
  Fixed styles applied to a category block.
  Fixed approval waiting data assigned to tpl.
  Fixed to read a language file 'admin.php' on XC2.0.
  Handles a seperator like a paragraph with margin-top.
  Fixed xmobile permission check.
- v0.9.9.4
  Added language manager.
  Fixed text sanitizer for XCL-2.1.
  Fixed feed titles of rss and atom.
  Fixed a title missing in rdf.php.
  Fixed submit.html.
  Fixed XOOPS_CONF_METAFOOTER in XCL2.1.
- v0.9.9.3
  Fixed a typo in atom.xml.
  Fixed a block function name definition.
  Fixed global variable declaration in blocks.php.
  Discrement user's posts only if an increment configuration(hidden in config.inc.php) is set yes.
  Regex pattern of Japanese letters is no more editable. Edit config.inc.php if you needs.
  Fixed importing permitted groups from weblog(D3) and xeblog.
  Shortened CFG item name and description definition.(Must update module)
  Fixed ja_utf-8 language files.
  Fixed the latest entries block.
  common/fckeditor libraries are no more packed, they are available at hodajuku distribution.
- v0.9.9.2
  ja_utf8 language files available.
  FCKeditor enabled, limitted to a html permitted user(thanx to ryuji).
  Fixed default groups of Entry-by permission was collapsed.
  Stripped tages in a content element of ato.xml.
  Suppressed some notice or warning error about referrence variables.
- v0.9.9.1
  To upgrade from an older version, update a module and xml templates.
  Feed tpls were renamed from html to XML.
  D3pipes requires 'content' tag element not 'summary' to show atom details. Modify the main_atom.xml.
  Fixed many faults of entry-by permission system.
  Fixed the bug that a css file's lastmodified date was not to given to the tpls.
  User's timeoffset more strictly checked in blocks.
- v0.9.9
  Release candidate for v1.0.
  Entry-by permission control enabling, module updating needs to alter a table structure 'd3blog_entry'.
- v0.9.8.2
  The col length of mobile textarea obeys to xmobile preferences.
  Fixed a typo in class/entry.class.php
  Fixed to delete a notification subscription when the related entry was deleted.
- v0.9.8.1
  Double escaping on a module name and a page subtitle was fixed.
- v0.9.8
  Xmobile plugin implimented.
  Fixed W3C violation in a comment form.
  Whole the entry info assigned to calandar block.
  Changed to check CSS files' write privileges only if they are default files.
  Fixed block function no. to start from 1 again.
- v0.9.7
  Sanitized thoroughly.
  Block function number must start from 1.
- v0.9.6
  CSS templates enabled directly readable from db.
  Fixed the bug not show the archive block to guest.
  Added to assign a 'isSubmit' variable to template when submit.php is current.
  Enabled to assign Module url and others to css files.
  Added variables, mod_url and so, to assign to templates.
  Added files write privileges check in css manager, also .htaccess file available.
  Some other bug fixes on d3comment plugin file.
- v0.9.5
  D3forum comment integration pluin file added.
  Disabled files but css files in the css directory.
  Fixed an original text sanitizer can't do rightly base64_decode.
  Fixed css files comparison checking in a css_manager.
  Fixed no avatar was shown.
  Wrong selector names in blocks fixed.
  Xeblog table data enabled to be imported by an import manager.
  Fixed unapproved trackbacks are shown to users with no permission.
  Trackback filter enabled to work.
- v0.9.4
  Enabled to synchronize with d3pipes.
- v0.9.3
  Css files are enabled to create from template.
  RSS feeder template typo fixed.
  d3blogTextSanitizer bugs fixed.
  Myblog.php was revived.
  Typo in block_category_list.html fixed.
- v0.9.2
  Fixed an initial creation of a category table.(Rev.57)
  Conditional comments in style sheet is applied if IE is lower than 7.(Rev.55)
- v0.9.1
  Fixed a wrong module image of a global search results.(Rev.53)
  Obsolute files removed.(Rev.52)
  English language files added.(Rev.50)